I'll alert the crew. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. We have a saboteur aboard. Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. Your shields were failing, sir. The unexpected is our normal routine. Damage report! Yesterday I did not know how to eat gagh. This is not about revenge. This is about justice. Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion? Wouldn't that bring about chaos? Besides, you look good in a dress. But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone Captain, why are we out here chasing comets? You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence. They were just sucked into space. I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf. The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. Computer, belay that order. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. How long can two people talk about nothing? and attack the Romulans. Not if I weaken first. Sorry, Data. Talk about going nowhere fast. Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers? You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Travel time to the nearest starbase? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal. What's a knock-out like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this? The Federation's gone; the Borg is everywhere!
