Is she pretty? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Its good. He's a peeping tom. Dad. Alright, punk, now-

No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. No, bastards. Marty. Marty. Marty. The flux capacitor. Right, I got it.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Believe me, Marty, you're better off not having to worry about all the aggravation and headaches of playing at that dance. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Thanks. Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that?

We do now. About how far ahead are you going? I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? I have to tell you about the future. A block passed Maple, that's John F. Kennedy Drive.

What's the meaning of this. My god, do you know what this means? It means that this damn thing doesn't work at all. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Yeah, where does he live? Hey man, look at Marvin's hand. He can't play with his hands like that, and we can't play without him.

Leave me alone. Alright, I'm ready. How about a ride, Mister? Ah. Uh, no, no, no, no. What are you looking at, butt-head?

Crazy drunk drivers. Hey boy, are you alright? Oh yes sir. This is for all you lovers out there. No, Biff, you leave her alone.

Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Oh. Is she pretty? Save the clock tower, save the clock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsoring an initiative to replace that clock. Thirty years ago, lightning struck that clock tower and the clock hasn't run since. We at the Hill Valley Preservation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way it is as part of our history and heritage. Well gee, I don't know.

Oh, uh, this is my Doc, Uncle, Brown. Oh. Well, Marty, I want to thank you for all your good advise, I'll never forget it. Bear with me, Marty, all of your questions will be answered. Roll tape, we'll proceed. I don't wanna see you in here again.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? He's an absolute dream. How's your head? Excuse me. Marty, will we ever see you again?