God dammit, I'm late. Now, of course not, Biff, now, I wouldn't want that to happen. You bet. Oh. I have to tell you about the future.

I think we need a rematch. I don't wanna know your name. I don't wanna know anything anything about you. Stop it. Doc, you gotta help- Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Marty, are you alright? Actually, people call me Marty. Scram, McFly. You got a real attitude problem, McFly. You're a slacker. You remind me of you father when he went her, he was a slacker too. Hey beat it, spook, this don't concern you.

When could weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future. Listen, this is very important, I forgot my video camera, could you stop by my place and pick it up on your way to the mall? Well maybe you are and you just don't know it yet. Yes, definitely, god-dammit George, swear. Okay, so now, you come up, you punch me in the stomach, I'm out for the count, right? And you and Lorraine live happily ever after. Hey wait, wait a minute, who are you? Stella, another one of these damn kids jumped in front of my car. Come on out here, help me take him in the house.

Doc, she didn't even look at him. I'm gonna be at the dance. Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. Thanks a lot, kid. You're gonna be in the car with her.

I have to tell you about the future. What? The future, it's where you're going? Calm down, Marty, I didn't disintegrate anything. The molecular structure of Einstein and the car are completely intact. Whoa, wait, Doc.

I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed. I know, and all I could say is I'm sorry. Ahh. Uh, look me up when you get there. Hey you, get your damn hands off, oh.

Really. Hi, Marty. Did you hurt your head? Yeah well, you shouldn't drink. Don't stop, Wilbert, drive.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. Stop it. Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. No no no no no, Marty, both you and Jennifer turn out fine. It's your kids, Marty, something has got to be done about your kids. George. George.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and ask for plutonium. Did you rip this off? Hey kid, what you do, jump ship? Uh, well, okay Biff, uh, I'll finish that on up tonight and I'll bring it over first thing tomorrow morning. Listen, I gotta go but I wanted to tell you that it's been educational. Uh, stories, science fiction stories, about visitors coming down to Earth from another planet.